h1. jQuery LiveTweet documentation

h2. What it does

jQuery LiveTweet is a jquery plugin that fetches your tweets from Twitter.

h2. How to use it

<pre>
<code>
<script src="jquery.js"></script>
<script src="jquery.livetweet.js"></script>
<script>
$(document).ready(function() {
	$('#your_element').livetweet({
		'username' : 'twitter_user'
	});
});
</script>
</code>
</pre>

h2. Options

* *username*: Your twitter username. Defaults to @jeresig@ (jQuery's creator).
* *limit*: Number of tweets returned. Defaults to @5@.
* *timeout*: Request timeout. Defaults to @2000@ (2 seconds).
* *html_before*: HTML to be rendered before tweets' loop. Defaults to @<ul>@.
* *html_after*: HTML to be rendered after tweets' loop. Defaults to @</ul>@.
* *html_tweets*: HTML pattern for tweets. Defaults to @<li>{text}<br>{date}</li>@.
* *use_relative_dates*: Boolean. Uses relative dates such as @2 minutes ago@. Defaults to @true@.
* *format_date*: Date formatting function. Use it if you set relative dates to false. Defaults to a date like @Wednesday 12 March 2011@.
* *loading_text*: Text displayed on loading. Defaults to @loading...@.
* *error_text*: Text displayed on errors. Defaults to @an error has occurred!@.

h2. Example

<pre>
<code>
$("#your_element").livetweet({
	'username' : 'sergio_martino',
	'html_before' : 'These are my tweets:<br>',
	'html_tweets' : '{date} | {text}<br>',
	'html_after' : '<br>Hello!',
	'loading_text' : 'ehi wait! I\'m loading...',	
});
</code>
</pre>

h2. Example with custom date

<pre>
<code>
$("#your_element").livetweet({
	'username' : 'sergio_martino',
	'html_before' : 'These are my tweets:<br>',
	'html_tweets' : '{date} | {text}<br>',
	'html_after' : '<br>Hello!',
	'use_relative_dates' : false,
	'format_date' : function(js_date_object) {
		return my_date.getDay()+'/'+my_date.getMonth()+'/'+my_date.getFullYear();
	},
	'loading_text' : 'ehi wait! I\'m loading...',
	'error_text' : 'oooops...'
});
</code>
</pre>